[minor] fix md issues in deployment guide docs (#304)
Alfresco/alfresco-ansible-deployment: docs/deployment-guide.md

An ACS inventory file has the following groups a host can belong to:

> * `repository`: the list of one or more hosts which will get an Alfresco repo deployed on (see [the deployment guide](./shared-contentstore.md) for details on repository clustering).

Reviewer: should actually be 
```suggestion
* `repository`: the list of one or more hosts which will get an Alfresco repo deployed on (see [the deployment guide](#ACS Cluster) for details on repository clustering).

```
